Assistant docs overhaul (#1761)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-assistant/overview.md

If many new issues are found in a given scan, Assistant auto-triage and autofix may not run on every issue.
:::

### Memories (beta)

Assistant Memories allows AppSec teams and developers to tailor Assistant's remediation guidance to their organization's standards and defaults on a per-project, per-rule basis. When Assistant gives a suggested fix, you can provide feedback by adding custom instructions.

> For example, if the code contains a hardcoded secret, Assistant might suggest using an SDK containing credentialing handling. However, if your company prefers to use a different secrets manager, you can provide this information to Assistant. Assistant then generates remediation guidance that works with your specific secrets manager in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the code contains a hardcoded secret, Assistant might suggest using an SDK that handles credentialing. However, if your company prefers to use a different secrets manager, you can provide this information to Assistant. Assistant then generates remediation guidance that works with your specific secrets manager in the future.
```
